Bash
====

Moving
------

beginning of line   C-a
end of line         C-e
forward char        C-f
backward char       C-b
forward word        M-f
backward word       M-b
clear screen        C-l

History
-------

previous            C-p
next                C-n
beginning           M-<
end                 M->
reverse-search      C-r
forward-search      C-s
revert-line         M-r

Modifying
---------

paste last arg      M-. (also !$)
shell expand        M-C-e
edit and exec       C-xC-e
uppercase word      M-u
lowercase word      M-l
capitalize word     M-c
insert-comment      M-#

Copy-paste
----------

forward-kill-line   C-k
backward-kill-line  C-u
kill-word           M-d
paste (yank)        C-y

Complete
--------

complete-filename   C-/
complete-username   C-~
complete-variable   C-$
complete-hostname   C-@
complete-command    C-!
glob-complete-word  M-g
